 I want to fuck you hottie
 Please fuck me really hard
 Your pussy is really wet
 My pussy is tight and can take a lot of pain
 Suck my cock, please
 Please I will, I just need you to fuck me
 please, I need your cum
 Please, I will, keep sucking my cock
 I am going to cum, but you can close your eyes and let me cum in your mouth
 Oh my god, I can feel it growing in my pussy
 please cum in my mouth
  I will cum
 oh fuck that's big, I love that
 please cum for me, cum for your love
 ohhh fuck!
 please cum in my mouth
 oh fuck that's fucking hot, so wet
 please cum in my mouth
  I'm cumming!
 Grab your titties.
 Should I pull on my nipples? 
 No, wait. Tell me how it feels first. Rubbing your tits.
 My tits feel great. Firm. Bouncy. Very sensitive.
 I like to graze my fingernails across my breasts.
 And then pinch my nipples as hard as I can. 
 <pussy moistening>
 Check if you’re wet. Slide your right index finger into your pussy crack.
 Good girl. Now take your middle finger and ease it between your pussy lips.
 I can feel my own pussy heat, so hot on my hand.
 Mmmmm…. my pussy juice is sweet, baby, and there’s so much of it for you. 
 If I was, I’d be kissing on your neck.
 “I’m so fuckin’ hard right now.”
 Goddamn I’m so hot this is so hot you are so hot
 Working my way down your collarbone, your breasts.
 Licking every inch of your full left tit before taking that perky nipple into my mouth!.
 How’s my pussy, baby?
 Tell me how you like to eat my pussy. 
 Your cunt is like candy! Your thighs soft and supple like bubblegum.
 <burying my face between your legs>
 My clit is on fire! Please can I cum?
 I think your ass is jealous of your pussy.
 Turn over, Ima eat your ass.
 And then I’m gonna fuck it.
 I’m glad you wanna eat my ass too, it’s been awhile.
 I am serious about the fucking.
 No, do you have a dildo or a vibrator? I want you to put it up your ass.
 Shut up I’m tickling my ass with the fat head. heheh
 Twisting dildo head like screw in asshole entrance. 
 I wish I was there to finger your clit and drip warmed lube on your dildo.
 And feather-lick my asshole. I love that.
 Push gently baby, open your asshole for my big dick.
 Tell me how my hard cock feels in your tight little asshole.
 OK IT IS IN! Holy shit I have all 9 inches in my ass for you!
 Take it, baby. That’s me. I’m in your ass and you feel perfect.
 OMG your huge hard dick is filling up my ass
 Ramming my cunt with this candle like a sex freak
 OMG you better be jerking off.
 Amazing. Fucking amazing you pervo we’re pervos!!!!
 I am going to be jerking off over this forever.
 So what you doing to yourself? Hard as fuck ;)
 Mmm.. Fuck I'm hard
 Your chest, mmhm... Lickable, Your abs... I lick them tooo 
 Yes I want to feel your whole body, It's so smooth, soft, your breasts are incredible.. I want to suck your nipples ;)
 Mhmmmm, sure. Then I take your cock in my mouth ;) mhmmm.
 I touch your 'tip' with my tongue ;) It's oozing pre cum ;)
 I play with your 'head'. Then I swallow it down my throat ;)
 Ah it's great. I want fuck your mouth for a bit ;) As you look into my eyes.
 But now I want to lay u down, and I want to feel your clit..
 I push your tender meat out of my mouth, and lay down...
 My pussy is just tooo wet..For you
 As I'm lightly touching your clit..
 Your starting to buck up off the bed, Your Pussy is on fire so I gave to go down on you baby..
 I plunge my tongue in your wet hole. Ahhh it's so beautiful.
 Your Pussy is so great..
 Like how you're gonna tear my pussy just with your tongue..
 My cock is aching though for it but I don't care..
 And rub your finger on my clit..
 I'm giving it everything I have on my tongue... I'm sucking your clit like crazy... Mhmm...
 While your other fingers are inside my dripping hole...
 My cock is going to explode if I don't get inside you.!!Please baby girl.. I want you!!
 Fuck my cock.. Aaaahhh... Fuck I climb on top and just tease the entrance to your pussy...
 I want to squeeze your dick inside my kitty.. 
 I know u want it.. So I plunge in  slowly, as I start to fuck you I look at you"
 I lean forward as I fuck you and slowly kiss u again. You have me. I have no control..
 Fuck mee sooo hard that I won't be able to walk for dayssss...
 U close to cumming?
 Ok babe cum. My cock is pumping like crazy into u.. You are just in heaven waiting for your Pussy to release.. It's building up..Cum on baby cum for me.. Finger your Pussy hole.. Give me your cum all over my face ;)
 Aww that sucks…
 Gawdamn you’re hot. When are you coming up here to visit me again
 I’m going to tear you up (lol. Sexual aggressiveness is a HUGE turn on for girls.)
 now show me your fucking body right now I want it
 You want to see my dick don’t you. You want to taste it
 I’m not letting you see my dick till I see that little coochie that you won’t be hiding from me much longer
 I want to stick my dick right in between those (Sorry for blatant vulgarity, but this IS real life. lol)
 I really want to suck on your tits. Then fuck you (I save the overt sexuality for when it’s appropriate)
 Oh yum I wanna ride that shit until your toes curl 😉
 I’m probably going to hurt you with my cock a little bit when I see you. Just a little, don’t worry we can still be friends afterwards. But yeah, I’m going to be a bit rude with your lil body
 Going to pin you down and slide it inside you while you moan and wiggle around
 You would probably make my dick stay hard for at least two hours
 I would not be able to keep my hands off your legs (More sensual here. Sex is not just about penetration, it’s the entire experience that makes it so amazing)
 Send me a pic in your panties
 That’s a cute little pussy I may have to spank you for being so bad and not wearing panties
 I may have to fuck you from behind for a while too
 I want to spread your legs and eat out your wet pussy 
 Mhmmm ;) and then I'm going to turn you over and put my hard cock deep inside you ;) 
 Yea you do you Enjoy my big hard dick fucking 
 I miss your big dick in my tight wet pussy
 Mmmm I love that miss your tight pussy fucking my big dick 
 Miss seeing you look back while pounding you balls deep bent over the bed 
 I want you on your hands and knees while you suck me looking up at me 
 Then I want you to crawl up on me and ride me hard 
 I want to make you scream while I suck on your breasts 
 And you can suck on me hard until we cum 
 Bending you over the kitchen island and fucking you from behind, that's the best position 
 I will I pick you up and out you on the counter top, I spread our legs and tease you with my hard cock 
 Until I kiss your body everywhere and spend some time caressing your breasts and neck 
 I started eating you out very gently 
 Moving my tongue in different motions and using my fingers to put pressure on your clit 
 sides and fuck me hard and fast 
 Mmm then put your legs behind your head, stick my finger in your wet pussy and make you squirt all over my fingers then slide my dick inside you and fuck you slowly til you beg to go deep and hard then fuck away 
 Yeah we're gonna fuck for a long time 
 I'm stroking my hard cock thinking about you 
 I want your big hard dick inside of me 
 I'll tie you up to the bed and get on top of you after eating you out and be so rough and passionate, you'll be itching to get out of those handcuffs so you can ride me till kingdom cum 
 Rub your clit soft and gently 
 If you have to get lube or use your spit and get yourself wet down there 
 Do you like eye contact when I'm sucking you off? 
 Can you orgasm from it? 
 A blowjob? Not my eyes 
 Damn 
 Just remember you don't get to cum until I say you can 
 baby just get here so i can fuck you how you like it 
 Might not even have time to take your skirt off 
 Haha just wait until I have you bent over and I reach around to rub your clit 
 Tonight you will not move from there until I make you come with my mouth 
 Because I'm gonna tease the hell out of you before I let you cum all over my face 
 I want your cock so bad my pussy is aching 
 Oh god I want to fuck you so deeply 
 I want to make your pussy raw and cum in your face. You're such a dirty bitch and you're all mine 
 My cock gets so hard when i think about fucking you, kissing your neck and pulling your nipples hard.
 I want to be thrown on my tummy with my hands behind my back, have you pull my hair while forcing me down, fucking me until I cum on your cock 
 I'm going to hold your hands down and peel your pussy lips apart so I can lick your clit and stick my tongue inside you. Then when you are dripping wet I'm going to push my hard dick into your tight pussy as deep as I can. 
 I'm going to tease you by fucking you with just the tip so you are begging me to go deeper and when you think you cant take it anymore ill grab your hair and pound you from behind and spank your ass because your such a dirty girl. 
 Then when you've cum all over my cock I'm going to turn you over and force my cock all the way down your throat and fuck your face. And just before I cum I'm going to pull out and cum all over your face. 
 Then come over and fuck me right now "daddy" 
 Go get your vibrator 
 I'm going to rub my pussy thinking about you 
 I want to lay you down on the bed and take your panties off with my teeth inch by inch 
 sliding down your legs. After that I want to gently circle your clit and I won't stop until you tell me to 
 Could you please French kiss my sweet little pussy love? 
 I want to feel your warm mouth on me. Your wet tongue gliding slowly around my clit..... 
 I can indeed my little fucktoy 
 That's how your going to feel when I spread your pussy with my tongue and make you come with my mouth 
 We're in the shower and you're soaking wet...everywhere. We get so worked up, rubbing my hard hard cock against your 
 When you have a free moment, slip away and show me you pretty little tits 
 I want your hands to be all over my body, slowly moving over my nipples and feeling them get harder under your finger tips. I can feel you tracing every curve of my body, eventually going down between my legs, feeling how wet I am, teasing my clit until I can't take it anymore and I beg you to eat me out 
 i want to slowly spread your legs wide and kiss down the inside of your thighs 
 then i want to kiss all the way down the inside of your thighs 
 and slowly close in on your sexy clit 
 as im licking your clit 
 I want you to fuck my mouth thrusting your hard cock down my throat and making my pussy sloppy wet while you fuck me with my wand and the fun extension. 
 I want you to fill my pussy with your thick cock so bad love. And I'd love to do this all with my pretty purple princess plug in. 
 God I want to fuck your mouth and pussy so badly 
 I was using my wand thinking about you fingering me with my plug in holding my wand to my Clit slowly pressing and easing off massaging me with the wand my hands tied above me so I was helpless to you as you made me squirt and cum and splash till you were satisfied 
 Thrust your cock deep inside my mouth. Stretching my throat and making me squirm while I'm all tied up. 
 I can't wait to have you inside me while you play with my clit, ramming me so hard and making my legs shake. I want to be gasping for air while begging for more 
 Fuck I want that so bad 
 Make me cum? 
